General  Information:

Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component
Estimated time for manual test execution
Risk Level (1-5): 1
Automation readiness
Reviewed by: Norman/UI Composer

Description:

The user shall be able to create a user research study directly from the composer. The user shall provide the name and
description of the user study and upon creation will be moved to the study.
In the background the system will create a snapshot of the current state of the prototype that will serve as the basis for the 
user study.

Acceptance Criteria:

1.) The user shall be able to have an option to create a user research study in the UI Composer.
2.) The user shall be able to choose a study name and provide an optional study description.
3.) The system shall create a snapshot in the background, create the research study and navigate the user to the research study.
4.) The user shall have the option to cancel the creation of the user study.

Preparations:

1.) Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)
2.) A user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password
3.) User Logon Information/ Roles
4.) Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Steps/Procedures:
//Have to be tested Later:
1.  Verify user could create a research study by click 'Save' icon in composer.
    _  Open a project (or create a project)
    _  Click on Page1 thumbnail to go to Composer page
    _  Drag drop a button in Page1
    _  Drag drop an image in Page2
    _  Click potion icon to create a study.  Verify Create Study dialog box pops up when this icon is clicked.
    _  Verify pop up displayed with fields: Name, Description, 'Create and Go to Research' button, and Cancel link.
    _  Enter 'User Research 1' in Name field, then click 'Create and Go to Research' button.
    _  Verify Norman goes to User Research 1 page, verify new study created with name 'User Research 1'.
    _  Verify correct thumbnails displayed in the newly created study.

2.  Verify user could create new research study by enter value for Name and Description.  Verify Name and description displayed correctly in Research page after created.//check

3.  Verify user could cancel of create a new research study.  Verify Composer page showed after click Cancel link.
    Verify no research study created.

4.  Verify user could create 2 research study on the row.  Verify 2 research study have correct thumbnails.

5.  Verify user could create a research study after publish a prototype.

6.  Create a research study with a long name, 45 characters.  Check to see how Name field displayed.

7. check  Create a research study with a long description, 300 characters.  Check to see how Description field displayed.//verify

8.  Create a research study for a project that has 20 pages.  Monitor performance of the application.

9.  Negative test - check how application responses when snapshot is failed to create when user click on 'Save' button


Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome



Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by Vijay Enthran varadarjan Subramanian
06/1/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
06/09/2015  Updated         Joe Cintas
