General  Information:
Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component
Estimated time for manual test execution
Risk Level (1-5): 1
Automation readiness
Reviewed by: Norman/UI Composer

Description:

This is one part of the replacement for the current snapshot creation and sharing feature.

The user shall be able to publish a prototype.
When the user publishes a prototype the system will generate a snapshot and provide
the user with a URL to access the published prototype. There is only one URL for any given prototype.
If the user uses share again he will update the sharing and a new snapshot will be created.
However the original URL is still valid and will now point to the newly published version of the prototype.

Acceptance criteria:

•   The user shall be able to publish a prototype.
•   The user shall be able to publish a prototype multiple times.
•   The user will receive a URL to share the published prototype.
•   This URL will allow users outside of Build to access the interactive prototype.
•   The URL of a given prototype will not change with subsequent publishing.
•   Any user receiving the URL will be able to access the snapshot.
•   While an updated snapshot is created in the background the user shall be notified that the the update is occurring.
•   When the new snapshot is created the user will see that the update is completed.
•   At any time after clicking Updating the user shall be able to close the update window by clicking outside the window.
•   The user shall be able to copy the URL into the clipboard by clicking on he link icon.
•   The URL shall be selected when the user clicks on the URL.
•   If the user changes the URL in the display that change is not persisted. Upon reopening sharing the correct URL shall be 
     displayed.
•   The user shall see an indication that anyone who has this URL can access this prototype.
•   On subsequent publishing the user shall see the date and time when the previous publishing occurred.
•   While the publishing is updated the date and time of the previous publish shall be replaced by a message that an update 
     is happening.
•   Upon completion of the update, the date and time of the update shall be shown.
•   Whenever the published URL is used, the user will access the latest published version (snapshot) of the prototype.

Preparations:

Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)
A user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password
User Logon Information/ Roles
Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Steps/Procedures:

1.) Verify user could publish a prototype.  Verify publish label changes on each stage.
2.) Verify user could access the URL by copy/paste to the browser and see correct snapshot after published.
3.) Verify user could publish the same prototype again although there is no change in project.
    Verify URL is still the same, verify user could access the URL and see correct snapshot.
4.) Verify time stamp is display correctly in local time when trying to publish again.
5.) Open a browser in a computer that has eastern time zone, try to publish a prototype.  Verify time stamp
    displayed correctly per local eastern time.
6.) Verify user could publish the same prototype 10 times with changes on each time.  Verify user always see latest
    snapshot published when access the URL.
7.) Verify user could publish a prototype of each of a different project.  Verify URL is unique per project.
8.) Verify status of publish button when publish 20 pages project.
9.) Check behavior of publish when create snapshot is not success, or when system is not reach-able.
10.) Try to create a research study, then try to publish after without change the page content.
     Verify snapshot displayed correctly.
11.) Try to create a research study, then modify the page, then try to publish.  Verify new snapshot created and URL
     displayed correctly.
12.) User has chance to cancel prior to click 'Publish Project'?

Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome



Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/20/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
