General  Information
Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component	  
Estimated time for manual test execution	
Risk Level (1-5)	1
Automation readiness	
Reviewed by	Norman/UI Composer
Description

The user shall not see the property pop-up in the canvas. The user shall be able to see the same content of the properties pop-up in a panel on the right-hand side of the canvas.

In order to put the property content in the right side of the canvas, the Palette needs to be moved to the left-hand side of the canvas and on top of the UI element hierarchical view (tree).

The user shall not be able to see the linear page layout after the layout is rearranged.
Refer to the IxD

Acceptance criteria:

The user shall not be able to see the Properties pop-up when clicking on a UI element or a pattern
The user shall be able to see the same content of the original properties pop-up in a panel on the right-hand side of the canvas
The panel shall have the same tab content & user interactions as in the existing Properties pop-up
The user shall be able to see the Palette on the left-hand side of the canvas
The content and interactions of the Palette shall be the same as it was on the right-hand side
The Palette shall be on top of the UI element hierarchical view (tree) <!--- @huboard:{"order":376.0390625,"milestone_order":593,"custom_state":""} -->


Preparations
Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)
An user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password

User Logon Information/ Roles

Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)


Test Steps/Procedures

_ Verify following default display when access Page1 or Page2 at first time:
    +  Properties pop-up is converted to a panel that is displayed on the right, default is Page properties 
    +  Tree view is on upper left panel
    +  Control list panel is on lower left panel
    +  Canvas is in middle.
_  Verify when user drag and drop a control into Canvas then properties of that control displayed on Properties panel.
_  Verify when user modify properties of a control from Properties panel, for example label, then value changes displayed on control.
_  Verify when user delete a selected control, verify what properties panel will show the properties of 'Page' that is top in tree view
_  Verify when select a different control then properties panel displayed correctly properties of selected control.
_  Verify Properties control has correct control's name that is shown at the top of the properties panel on the right. For example, for the button control, user sees 'Button'. 
_  Verify user could enter values in various fields under the categories 'PROPERTIES' and 'ACTIONS' on right hand side's control properties panel.
_  Verify when user click on button, select 'Actions' tab from Properties panel, then event action attributes 'Interaction', 'Action' and 'Page' are avilable for configuration.
_  Verify user could click on tabs 'UI ELEMENTS', 'ASSETS', 'DATA'  on Pallette tab


Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome  


Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
02/09/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
05/29/2015	Updated	Lucy Chernobrod
