General  Information
Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component	  
Estimated time for manual test execution	30 min
Risk Level (1-5)	1
Automation readiness	
Reviewed by	Norman/UI Composer
Description
Purpose/ goal of the test case	
The user shall see the UI elements in an aggregation hierarchically. 

The user shall see how the elements are aggregated. An example of such a view is a tree view. The interaction design will describe what this view will look like.

Acceptance Criteria
_	The user shall have a set of UI elements that are aggregated on the canvas
_	The user shall have a hierarchical view in which he sees all UI elements of a prototype
_	The user shall have a view in which he can see how the UI elements are aggregated. This means he can clearly see all parent / child relationships of the elements
_	The user shall see which of the UI elements is or are currently selected
_	The user shall see which of the UI elements are invisible, i.e. are not visibly rendered on the canvas.
_	There shall always be at least one element in the hierarchy selected
_	Identify in the tree, the names (label the groups) of where the UI elements are aggregated.

Preparations
Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)

An user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password

User Logon Information/ Roles

Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)


Test Steps/Procedures

1.  Create a project with 2 pages.  On prototype page, click thumbnail of page 1 to go to composer page.
    Select a UI element in the left panel, for example, a list control.          
    Verify that the user shall be able to see how the UI elements are aggregated, i.e. list control has aggregated list item controls.

2. Verify that when an item is selected in Tree view or on the canvas, then the user shall see the elements that are currently selected. 
   Add footer control into page 1.
   Check that you see toolbar spacer and two buttons under footer are highlighted on the canvas.
   Veify that the aggregation is shown on parent-relationship in Tree view. 
   
3. Verify that when an item is picked on Tree or on Page, that item should be reflected on canvas. 
   Drag and drop a list control to page 1.
   Chack that  the item is highlighted on the canvas.
   
4. Verify that invisible element would be shown with eyeball icon. 
   Drag and drop an icon tab bar control in page 1.
   In Tree view in left panel, select the Icon Tab Bar element
   Search for a Text element that has is invisible and is shown with eyeball icon.

5. Verify that label the groups display under aggregation control only. 
   For example, tree view should have label "Items" that are not clickable.


Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)


Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome  

Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/12/2015	Initial draft	Lucy Chernobrod
05/29/2015	Updated	Lucy Chernobrod
06/08/2015 Updated Joe Cintas
