General  Information
Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component	  
Estimated time for manual test execution	30 min
Risk Level (1-5)	1
Automation readiness	
Reviewed by	Norman/UI Composer
Description
Purpose/ goal of the test case	
The user shall be able to select a UI element in the tree

The user shall be able to select a UI element in the hierarchical view. 
When the user selects an element in the hierarchical view that selection shall be reflected in the selection on the canvas. 
Refer to the UXD for how to display this hierarchical view of the UI elements.


Acceptance Criteria
_	The user shall be able to select a UI element in the hierarchy view (e.g. a tree view). Note: there is always at least one element selected in the tree. In a new prototype 
this would be page 1
_	The user shall be able to select a UI element by clicking on it using the mouse
_	The user shall be able to select a UI element above the current selected UI element by using the keyboard
_	The user shall be able to select a UI element below the current selected UI element by using the keyboard
_	The UI element may be part of an aggregation of elements, a single non-aggregated element
_	The property panel shall be updated according to the UI element selection in the hierarchical view
_	The selection on the canvas shall be updated to show that the same element is selected.
_	If the selected UI element is on a part of the canvas that is currently not visible to the user because it is located outside the visible part of the canvas, i.e. he would 
have to scroll to see it, the canvas shall be scrolled automatically to bring the selected UI element into view. 
_	If the selected UI element is a page, that page shall be displayed on the canvas
_	If an action needs to be executed to make the UI element visible, that action shall be defined in the control definition stored in the UI catalog. Please refer to the UI 
catalog user stories for details.
_	Invisible UI elements will have a visual indication that they have no visual representation on the canvas
_	When a user selects a invisible UI element properties will displayed in the properties panel, if they exist.
_	When a user selects an invisible UI element there will be no visible selection on the canvas

When a user selects a UI element on the canvas this element shall be shown as selected in the hierarchy view (e.g. a tree view). Refer to the UXD for how to display this 

hierarchical view of the UI elements.


Acceptance Criteria
_	The user will have to have a UI element selected. When the user enters a prototype initially, page 1 will be selected. An exception is when the user has currently an 
invisible element selected in the tree there will be no selection on the canvas
_	Once he has selected a UI element that element will show to be selected in the hierarchy view (tree view)


Preparations
Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)

An user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password

User Logon Information/ Roles
 
Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Steps/Procedures

1. Create a project with 2 pages.  On prototype page, click thumbnail of page 1 to go to composer page.
   Select a UI element in Tree view that is on upper left panel           
   Verify that the user shall be able to select a UI element in the hierarchical view. It is always at least one element selected in the tree that is Page 1.
   There is no way to make multiple selection. 

2. Verify that if you click on a control using  mouse, the control is selected on canvas. 
   Drag and drop a list control on page 1, the list would be highlighted on canvas.
   Repeat the step with other action controls.

3. Verify that after selection a list item, you could use keyboard to go over the item attributes.
   Click on arrow-up or arrow-down using keyboard.

4. Verify that if an item is not visible on canvas, you will see it after click on the item in tree view on left panel. 
   Drag and drop a button on canvas and then move it to the very right.
   Scroll to the left until the button is not visible on the canvas.
   After you select the button in tree view, the focus will be moved on the button to make it visible on canvas.
   
5. Verify the property panel shall be updated according to the UI element selection in the hierarchical view. 
   For example, if you select a text control in tree view, the 'Text' properties would be shown in property panel.
   Repeat the step with other action controls.
   
6. Verify if the selected UI element is a page, that page shall be displayed on the canvas. 
   For example, you see two pages Page 1 or Page 2.
   When you select Page 2 in tree view, then the page will be shown on the canvas.

7. Verify that properties would be shown for invisible elements.
   When you select the invisible element in tree view, you will see it with an eyeball icon.
   For example, an Icon Tab Bar control has a text element that is invisible.
   When you select  an invisible text element in navigation tree, its properties are shown in properties panel on the right.

Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome  

Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/12/2015	Initial draft	Lucy Chernobrod
05/29/2015	Updated	Lucy Chernobrod
06/08/2015 Updated Joe Cintas
06/23/2015 Update Sumayya Nausheen
06/24/2015 Update Sumayya Nausheen
