General  Information
Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component	  
Estimated time for manual test execution	30 min
Risk Level (1-5)	1
Automation readiness	
Reviewed by	Norman/UI Composer
Description
Purpose/ goal of the test case	
The user shall be able to see page sequence in UI element hierarchy

Before the page flow/map design is available the user shall be able to see page sequence in the hierarchy of the UI elements which is described in the user stories 380 & 381.
Since the UI element hierarchical structure (tree structure) is replacing the pages view on the left side of the canvas in the composer, we need a temporary solution to display 
pages of a prototype before the final page flow design is available.
Refer to the UXD of the UI element tree structure for how to display pages in the tree.

Acceptance Criteria
_	The user shall be able to see all pages of a prototype linearly in the UI element hierarchical tree
_	The user shall be able to go to a page by clicking on the page in the tree
_	The user shall be able to add a new page to the tree

Preparations
Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)

An user had signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password

User Logon Information/ Roles

Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Scenarios/Steps 

1.  Create a project with two pages.  On prototype page, click thumbnail of page 1 to go to composer page.
    In Tree view that is on upper left panel, find the 'PAGES' tab
    Verify that two pages Page 1 and Page 2 are shown in hierarchical tree view.
    
2. Verify the user shall be able to see page sequence in UI element hierarchy. 
   In Tree view, you could see the two pages are numbered in sequence as Page 1 and Page 2.
   
3. Verify that user shall be able to go to a page by clicking on the page in the tree. 
   The Tree view is just an alternative view of all pages, NOT an exclusive view.
   
4. Verify that user shall be able to add a new page to the tree. 
   In Tree view, click on '+ New page' button to see a new page would be added.
   If you click on 'New page' button in tree view, then a new page be shown as Page 3.

Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome 

Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/12/2015	Initial draft	Lucy Chernobrod
05/29/2015	Updated	Lucy Chernobrod
06/24/2015  Updated Sumayya Nausheen

