General  Information:

Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component
Estimated time for manual test execution
Risk Level (1-5): 1
Automation readiness
Reviewed by: Norman/UI Composer
Description: 

In Interactive Mode only the canvas shall be active (e.g. gray out everything but canvas). The user shall have a clear 
indication that he is in interactive mode when he switches from edit mode.

Acceptance criteria:

•	The user shall have a way to switch from edit mode into interactive mode.
•	The user shall have a way to switch from interactive mode into edit mode.
•	When the user enters interactive mode, he shall be able to execute all functions of the prototype that have been created 
    in edit mode.
•	 There shall be a clear distinction between edit mode and interactive mode. The user shall never be confused in which mode 
    he is.
•	 When leaving interactive mode, the user shall see the page of the prototype in edit mode that he last saw in interactive 
    mode.
•	 Interactive mode shall display the prototype according to the form factor selected.
•	 The user shall be able to switch the form factor in interactive mode.
•	 The screen sizes should be as follows: Desktop 1280x1024; Tablet 1024 x 768; Phone 667 x 375.

Preparations:

Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary).
A user has signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password.
User Logon Information/Roles
Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Steps/Procedures:

1. Create a project with default 2 pages.  On prototype page, click thumbnail of page 1 to go to composer page.
    Add a button in page 1.  Click on the preview button the top right corner, which takes user into interactive mode. Verify 
    these conditions:
        _  Default form factor selected is desktop, with size is 1280 x 1024. Use vertical & horizontal rulers along the outer 
            edges of the canvas to verify the size.
        _  Black color surrounds the desktop form screen.
        _  Palette (list of controls) cannot be seen.
        _  Tree view cannot be seen.
        _  On horizontal menu bar, default form factor selected is desktop.
        _  Verify that these icons are displayed and still clickable: tablet icon, phone icon, Editor button (to switch back to 
            edit mode), publish icon, study icon.
        _  The eye icon not displayed.

2. Click the editor button just above the canvas, which takes user to edit mode in prototype. Verify these conditions:
        _  Default form factor is still desktop if desktop was selected during interactive mode.
        _  Palette, tree view, and properties panels are working.
        _  Verify Editor button is not displayed, and the preview button is displayed.


3. Verify interactive mode is working with navigation in 3 pages.
    Create a project, add a page (page 3).  In page 1, add a button (button 1), set actions for button 1 to navigate to page 2.
    In page 2, add a button (button 2), set actions for button 2 to navigate to page 3.  In page 3 add a button (button 3), 
    set actions for button 3 to navigate to page 1.  Switch to interactive mode by clicking on the Preview button.
        _  Verify when user clicks on button 1, it goes to page 2.
        _  Verify when user clicks on button 2, it goes to page 3.
        _  Verify when user clicks on button 3, it goes to page 1.
        _  Repeat above steps 3 times.  Verify interactive mode is still working.

4. Verify that the resize windows in interactive mode are still working.
    Create a project with 3 pages using the same routine as scenario #3, or use existing project.  Switch to interactive mode 
    by clicking on the Preview button.  Resize the browser window to make it smaller.
        _  Scroll the screen left and right, verify interactive mode is still on, and no ruler is displayed.
        _  Verify that the enabled buttons are still available: Editor button, desktop, tablet, phone icon.


5. Verify user shall be able to switch the form factor in interactive mode.
    Create a project with 3 pages using the same routine as scenario #3, or use existing project.  Make sure desktop icon is 
    selected. Switch to interactive mode then:
        _  Verify desktop screen size displayed, with size 1280 x 1024. Verify navigation of button from each page is working.
        _  Click tablet icon next to desktop icon, verify tablet screen size is displayed with size 768 x 1024. Verify 
            navigation of button from each page is working.
        _  Click phone icon next to table icon, verify phone screen size is displayed with size 320 x 568. Verify navigation 
            of button from each page is working.


6. Verify short cut keyboards are working.
    Create a project with 3 pages using the same routine as scenario #3, or use existing project.  Click on a button in the 
    canvas or click on the browser to get focus.
        _  Use keyboard combination command + i (Mac), or ctrl + i (Windows).  Verify Norman can switch to interactive mode.
        _  Click on button 1. It goes to page 2. Enter command + i (Mac), or ctrl + i (Windows) again, verify interactive mode 
            is OFF.
        _  Use keyboard combination command + i (Mac), or ctrl + i (Windows) to switch to interactive mode again.
        _  Press 'esc' on the keyboard to exit interactive mode. Verify 'esc' function is working.

7. Verify that when leaving interactive mode, the user can see the prototype page in edit mode that he last saw in interactive 
    mode.
    Create a project with 3 pages same as scenario #3, or use existing project.  Assume you are on page 1.  
    Click on the preview button to switch to interactive mode.
        _  Click on button 1. It goes to page 2. Click the Editor button to switch to edit mode. Verify page 2 is displayed, 
            not page 1.

8. Verify that the user can switch back and forth between interactive mode and edit mode multiple times without issue.

9. Verify that the user can switch to interactive mode on different projects.
        _ Click on the Home icon to go to top level screen. Click on New Project button to create a new project.
        _ Repeat the above steps about switching between edit and interactive modes.

10. Create a 20 page project with navigation set on each page. Switch to interactive mode, verify that the navigation between 
    pages are working. Note the performance when you switch to interactive mode. It should not be more than 4 seconds.



Variant (eg. Mac, Windows, browser compatibility)

Execute the test with Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome



Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/06/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
06/02/2015  Updated Joe Cintas
06/19/2015  Update  Sumayya Nausheen
06/23/2015  Update  Sumayya Nausheen
06/24/2015  Update  Sumayya Nausheen
