General  Information
Test case description	Norman/UI Composer
Test case ID		Version	V1
CSN Component
Estimated time for manual test execution
Risk Level (1-5): 1
Automation readiness
Reviewed by: Norman/UI Composer

Description:

User shall be able to delete a page. The interaction shall be the same as deleting another element in the tree. However, a 
page cannot be deleted using the delete key. There shall be a notification to the user that he is about to delete a page. 
The user shall need to confirm that he is deleting a page. If the page is the target of an action triggered on another page 
the user shall be informed that that action will be removed.

Acceptance criteria:

•	A page is a UI element which means deleting a page in the tree is handled the same way as removing a UI element in the 
    tree.
•	A page cannot be deleted using the delete key.
•	The user shall be notified that he is about to delete a page.
•	The user shall need to confirm that he wants to delete a page before it is removed.
•	 If the page is the target of an action (e.g. setting a value of a control, being the target of a navigation), the user 
    shall be informed that this action will be removed.
•	 The system shall remove the actions that target the deleted page. This is necessary to not break the prototype.
•	 The user shall not be able to delete the last remaining page in a prototype. A prototype will always have at least one 
    page.
•	If the user deletes the first (leading) page in a prototype, the second page becomes the leading page.
•	 Once the page is deleted, the page above the deleted page shall be selected.
•	If the first page is deleted, the new first page shall be selected after the deletion.

Preparations:

Setup/Configuration steps (if necessary)
A user has signed up to Project Norman with the name, email address and password
User Logon Information/Roles
Navigation path to reach the application (i.e. URL)

Test Steps/Procedures:

1.  Verify user could delete a page when there is more than 1 page in a project.
    _  Open a project (or create new one) that has more than two pages, let say Page 1, Page 2 and Page 3.
    _  Select a page by clicking on the page name (Page 1) in the tree view.
    _  Above Properties panel on right side, click on 'X' icon, verify that options 'Delete' and 'Keep' are displayed.
    _  Click 'Delete' option, verify Page 1 is deleted; verify Page 2 is selected as default.
    _  Click 'Home' menu button, then click on the same project name, verify only thumbnail of Page 2 is displayed.
    _  Click on Page 2 thumbnail, verify only Page 2 displayed in UIComposer.
    _  Verify user can still add new page.

2.  Verify user cannot delete a page if project has only 1 page left. Verify delete icon (X) is not displayed.

3.  Verify if user clicks 'Keep' option, then selected page is not deleted.

4.  Verify user could delete more than one page.
    _  Create a project, then add 2 more pages (total is 4 pages).
    _  Drag drop image and button on each of the pages.
    _  Select Page 2.
    _  Try to delete Page 2 and Page 3, then verify that those pages and its content are deleted correctly.
    _  Use Robomongo to verify back-end is deleted correctly.
    _  Verify default page after Page 1 is deleted.
    _  Verify Page 2 and Page 4 and its content are not lost.


5.  Verify page navigation is reset if navigation to page is deleted.
    _  Create a project with 2 pages, Page 1,  Page 2 and Page 3.
    _  On Page 1, add a button.
    _  On properties panel of button (on right side), go to 'ACTIONS' tab.
    _  For Interaction, choose 'OnClick'; for Action, chose 'Naviagte To'; for Page, choose Page 2.
    _  Wait until progress is saved.
    _  Delete Page 2.
    _  Go back to Page 1, select button and go to ACTIONS tab. Verify Page field under ACTIONS is empty.


Variant (eg. Mac,  Windows,  browser compatibility)

Execute the test with  Desktop Windows /Chrome and Mac/Chrome.


Revision History
Date	Comment	Updated by
04/07/2015	Initial draft	Chinh Nguyen
06/02/2015 Updated Joe Cintas
06/09/2015 Updated Joe Cintas
